Which tool is used to automate actions for AWS services and applications through scripts? 
The correct response option is AWS Command Line Interface.
The AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) enables you to control multiple AWS services directly from the command line within one tool. For example, you can use commands to start an Amazon EC2 instance, connect an Amazon EC2 instance to a specific Auto Scaling group, and more. The AWS CLI is available for users on Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Which compute option reduces costs when you commit to a consistent amount of compute usage for a 1-year or 3-year term?
The correct response option is Savings Plans.
Amazon EC2 Savings Plans enable you to reduce your compute costs by committing to a consistent amount of compute usage for a 1-year or 3-year term. This results in savings of up to 72% over On-Demand Instance costs. Any usage up to the commitment is charged at the discounted Savings Plan rate (for example, $10 an hour). Any usage beyond the commitment is charged at regular On-Demand Instance rates.

Which statement best describes Elastic Load Balancing?
The correct response option is A service that distributes incoming traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances.
A load balancer acts as a single point of contact for all incoming web traffic to your Auto Scaling group. This means that as Amazon EC2 instances are added or removed in response to the amount of incoming traffic, these requests are routed to the load balancer first and then spread across multiple resources that will handle them.

Which component or service enables you to establish a dedicated private connection between your data center and virtual private cloud (VPC)?
AWS Direct Connect is a service that enables you to establish a dedicated private connection between your data center and VPC. 
The private connection that AWS Direct Connect provides helps you to reduce network costs and increase the amount of bandwidth that can travel through your network.

Which pillar of the AWS Well-Architected Framework focuses on using computing resources in ways that meet system requirements?
The correct response option is Performance Efficiency.
The Performance Efficiency pillar focuses on using computing resources efficiently to meet system requirements, and to maintain that efficiency as demand changes and technologies evolve.

Which actions can you perform in Amazon Route 53? (Select TWO.)
The correct two response options are:

Connect user requests to infrastructure in AWS and outside of AWS.
Manage DNS records for domain names. 
Amazon Route 53 is a DNS web service. It gives developers and businesses a reliable way to route end users to internet applications that are hosted in AWS. 
Additionally, you can transfer DNS records for existing domain names that are currently managed by other domain registrars, or register new domain names directly within Amazon Route 53.

Which statement best describes AWS Marketplace?
The correct response option is A digital catalog that includes thousands of listings from independent software vendors.
You can use AWS Marketplace to find, test, and buy software that runs on AWS.

Which AWS Trusted Advisor category includes checks for your service limits and overutilized instances?
The correct response option is Performance.
In this category, AWS Trusted Advisor also helps improve the performance of your services by providing recommendations for how to take advantage of provisioned throughput.

You want Amazon S3 to monitor your objects’ access patterns. Which storage class should you use? 
The correct response option is S3 Intelligent-Tiering.
In the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, Amazon S3 monitors objects’ access patterns. If you haven’t accessed an object for 30 consecutive days, Amazon S3 automatically moves it to the infrequent access tier, S3 Standard-IA. If you access an object in the infrequent access tier, Amazon S3 automatically moves it to the frequent access tier, S3 Standard.

Which service is used to run containerized applications on AWS?
The correct response option is Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service (Amazon EKS).
Amazon EKS is a fully managed service that you can use to run Kubernetes on AWS. Kubernetes is open-source software that enables you to deploy and manage containerized applications at scale.
Containers provide you with a standard way to package your application's code and dependencies into a single object. Containers are frequently used for processes and workflows in which there are essential requirements for security, reliability, and scalability.

You want to store data in a key-value database. Which service should you use?
The correct response option is Amazon DynamoDB.
Amazon DynamoDB is a key-value database service. A key-value database might include data pairs such as “Name: John Doe,” “Address: 123 Any Street,” and “City: Anytown”.
In a key-value database, you can add or remove attributes from items in the table at any time. Additionally, not every item in the table has to have the same attributes.  

You want to send and receive messages between distributed application components. Which service should you use? 
The correct response option is Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS).
Amazon SQS is a message queuing service. Using Amazon SQS, you can send, store, and receive messages between software components at any volume size, without losing messages or requiring other services to be available. 
In Amazon SQS, an application sends messages into a queue. A user or service retrieves a message from the queue, processes it, and then deletes it from the queue.

Which virtual private cloud (VPC) component controls inbound and outbound traffic for Amazon EC2 instances?
The correct response option is security group.
A security group is a virtual firewall that controls inbound and outbound traffic for an Amazon EC2 instance. 
By default, a security group denies all inbound traffic and allows all outbound traffic. You can add custom rules to configure which traffic should be allowed or denied.

Which statement is TRUE for AWS Lambda?
The correct response option is You pay only for compute time while your code is running.
AWS Lambda is a service that lets you run code without needing to provision or manage servers.

Which service enables you to build the workflows that are required for human review of machine learning predictions?
The correct response option is Amazon Augmented AI.
Amazon Augmented AI (Amazon A2I) provides built-in human review workflows for common machine learning use cases, such as content moderation and text extraction from documents. With Amazon A2I, you can also create your own workflows for machine learning models built on Amazon SageMaker or any other tools.

Which Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework focuses on recovering IT workloads to meet the requirements of your business stakeholders?
The correct response option is Operations Perspective.
The Operations Perspective of the AWS Cloud Adoption Framework also includes principles for operating in the cloud by using agile best practices.

Which migration strategy involves changing how an application is architected and developed, typically by using cloud-native features?
The correct response option is Refactoring.

Which service enables you to consolidate and manage multiple AWS accounts from a central location?
The correct response option is AWS Organizations.
In AWS Organizations, you can centrally control permissions for the accounts in your organization by using service control policies (SCPs). Additionally, you can use the consolidated billing feature in AWS Organizations to combine usage and receive a single bill for multiple AWS accounts.

Which action can you perform in Amazon CloudFront?
The correct response is Deliver content to customers through a global network of edge locations.
Amazon CloudFront is a content delivery service. 
It uses a network of edge locations to cache content and deliver content to customers all over the world. When content is cached, it is stored locally as a copy. This content might be video files, photos, webpages, and so on. 

Which Support plans include access to all AWS Trusted Advisor checks? (Select TWO.)
The two correct response options are:
Enterprise
Business

Which service is used to transfer up to 100 PB of data to AWS?
The correct response option is AWS Snowmobile.
AWS Snowmobile is a service that is used for transferring up to 100 PB of data to AWS. Each Snowmobile is a 45-foot long shipping container that is pulled by a semi-trailer truck. 

Which statement best describes Amazon GuardDuty?
The correct response option is A service that provides intelligent threat detection for your AWS infrastructure and resources.
AWS GuardDuty identifies threats by continually monitoring the network activity and account behavior within your AWS environment. 

You are running an Amazon EC2 instance and want to store data in an attached resource. Your data is temporary and will not be kept long term. Which resource should you use?
Ans: Instance Store

Which tool enables you to visualize, understand, and manage your AWS costs and usage over time?
The correct response option is AWS Cost Explorer.
With AWS Cost Explorer, you can quickly create custom reports to analyze your AWS cost and usage data.

You want to store data in a volume that is attached to an Amazon EC2 instance. Which service should you use?
The correct response option is Amazon Elastic Block Store (Amazon EBS).
Amazon EBS provides block-level storage volumes that you can use with Amazon EC2 instances. If you stop or terminate an Amazon EC2 instance, all the data on the attached EBS volume remains available.  

Which tasks are the responsibilities of AWS? (Select TWO.)
The two correct response options are:
Maintaining virtualization infrastructure
Configuring AWS infrastructure devices 

Which statement best describes an Availability Zone?
The correct response option is A fully isolated portion of the AWS global infrastructure.
An Availability Zone is a single data center or a group of data centers within a Region. 
Availability Zones are located tens of miles apart from each other. This helps them to provide interconnectivity to support the services and applications that run within a Region.

Which service is used to quickly deploy and scale applications on AWS?
The correct response option is AWS Elastic Beanstalk.
You upload your application, and Elastic Beanstalk automatically handles the deployment details of capacity provisioning, load balancing, auto-scaling, and application health monitoring.

In the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, Amazon S3 moves objects between a frequent access tier and an infrequent access tier. Which storage classes are used for these tiers? (Select TWO.)
The two correct response options are:
S3 Standard
S3 Standard-IA 
In the S3 Intelligent-Tiering storage class, Amazon S3 monitors objects’ access patterns. If you haven’t accessed an object for 30 consecutive days, Amazon S3 automatically moves it to the infrequent access tier, S3 Standard-IA. If you access an object in the infrequent access tier, Amazon S3 automatically moves it to the frequent access tier, S3 Standard.

Which service enables you to review details for user activities and API calls that have occurred within your AWS environment?
The correct response option is AWS CloudTrail.
With CloudTrail, you can view a complete history of user activity and API calls for your applications and resources. 
Events are typically updated in CloudTrail within 15 minutes after an API call was made. You can filter events by specifying the time and date that an API call occurred, the user who requested the action, the type of resource that was involved in the API call, and more

























 
